PGD re-edit batch 8 - reference (#5852)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5/reference/catalogs-visible.mdx

| Column             | Type   | Description                                                                                                                 |
| ------------------ | ------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ap_wq_workid       | bigint | Unique ID of the work item                                                                                              |
| ap_wq_ruleid       | int    | ID of the rule listed in autopartition_rules. Rules are specified using bdr.autopartition command                           |
| ap_wq_relname      | name   | Name of the relation the task belongs to                                                                                    |
| ap_wq_relnamespace | name   | Name of the tablespace specified in rule for this work item                                                                 |
| ap_wq_partname     | name   | Name of the partition created by the workitem                                                                               |

> | ap_wq_work_category| char   | Work category; can be `'c'` (create partition), `'m'` (migrate partition), `'d'` (drop partition), or `'a'` (alter partition)|

Author: ```suggestion
| ap_wq_work_category| char   | Work category; can be `c` (create partition), `m` (migrate partition), `d` (drop partition), or `a` (alter partition)|
```

| Column            | Type        | Description                                                                        |
| ----------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ap_wi_workid      | bigint      | ID of the work item                                                            |
| ap_wi_nodeid      | Oid         | OID of the node on which the work item is being processed                          |

> | ap_wi_status      | char        | Status; can be `'q'` (queued), `'c'` (complete), `'f'` (failed), or `'u'` (Unknown) |

Author: ```suggestion
| ap_wi_status      | char        | Status; can be `q` (queued), `c` (complete), `f` (failed), or `u` (Unknown) |
```

| Column             | Type   | Description                                                                                                              |
| ------------------ | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| ap_wq_workid       | bigint | Unique ID of the work item                                                                                           |
| ap_wq_ruleid       | int    | ID of the rule listed in autopartition_rules. Rules are specified using bdr.autopartition command                        |
| ap_wq_relname      | name   | Name of the relation the task belongs to                                                                                 |
| ap_wq_relnamespace | name   | Name of the tablespace specified in rule for this work item.                                                             |
| ap_wq_partname     | name   | Name of the partition created by the workitem                                                                            |

> | ap_wq_work_category| char   | Category; can be `'c'` (create partition), `'m'` (migrate partition), `'d'` (drop partition), or `'a'` (alter partition)  |

Author: ```suggestion
| ap_wq_work_category| char   | Category; can be `c` (create partition), `m` (migrate partition), `d` (drop partition), or `a` (alter partition)  |
```

| Column            | Type        | Description                                                                        |
| ----------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ap_wi_workid      | bigint      | ID of the work item                                                            |
| ap_wi_nodeid      | Oid         | OID of the node on which the work item is being processed                          |

> | ap_wi_status      | char        | Status; can be `'q'` (queued), `'c'` (complete), `'f'` (failed), or `'u'` (unknown) |

Author: ```suggestion
| ap_wi_status      | char        | Status; can be `q` (queued), `c` (complete), `f` (failed), or `u` (unknown) |
```
